I'm just having a conversation on the
internet with someone who wanted to
follow up with me after watching my
video discussing the definition and
history of communism so this is going to
be a lot less confrontational I think
than the quote-unquote debates I had
recently with common communists on the
internet I don't even know Katherine do
you consider yourself a communist would
you say would you say that you are a
member of a communist party or sport of
communism yeah okay so that's an
interesting place to start then now I
take it you're you know creepy over
wrong I take it you're fundamental
disagreement with me is that you don't
like the empirical and historical
approach I have of really insisting that
like the history of the last 200 years
matters that that tells us what
communism means and you know what what
the problems are that we can learn that
from studying history I take it that's
your objection yeah um I think that's
mostly just rhetoric and they think it's
irrelevant to discussing the actual
concept of communism and whether it can
be achieved okay so let me ask you to
define what you mean by rhetoric and
something being only rhetoric I'll just
I'll just give one illustration I don't
think you would accept it if somebody
said that the history of capitalism is
only rhetoric I don't think you would
accept that if someone said that the
history of Buddhism or the history of
Nazism is only rhetoric and doesn't
matter for the reality of those concepts
and those political tendencies I'm not
sure how exactly to answer your question
I would I would be more than willing to
admit that we don't have true like
chronic or true capitalism in the modern
world I'm more than happy to admit that
we don't have to capitalism in the
modern world and yeah I mean you know
there's always an idea of what exactly
something is versus what something
pretended to be and if you want to I can
I can say either
Nazis were like a special brand of
fascism that not all fascism racism we
can we can definitely have that without
that discussion so you can imagine
that's that's the opposite of the point
I'm making though right
so you probably noticeable you might not
I was a scholar of Buddhism for about 10
years if you want to talk about what is
Buddhism what are the advantages and
disadvantages having a Buddhist society
my approach is going to be based
entirely on historical reality and I
think would be ridiculous if someone
said what you're saying that no no
historical reality doesn't matter and
your way of putting it is that that
that's only rhetoric so I don't I don't
know what rhetoric would mean I mean if
rhetoric is an excuse to ignore 2,000
years of history that's that's not a
word I understand
wait so ok fine I don't know if this is
what you're trying to say but if your if
your argument against communism is oh
but look at what look at how many people
Stalin killed then that's just baseless
and meaningless and irrelevant to the
conversation we're having okay it's it's
not so far we're at the start of this
conversation so we're defining
conversation right now
I've got to tell you that is not
irrelevant to the conversation I'm
having and if you wanted to talk about
the history of Buddhism or any other
ideology I would also be talking about
historical reality you know I learned
truth from facts that's actually a
communist slogan you might not know and
again Karl Marx himself his method
so-called historical materialism was all
about proceeding from historical reality
so even even if I were a communist or a
Marxist which I'm not my method here
would be quite easy to defend that no
you know historical reality really
matters okay so let me ask you a
question that is do you think that if
I identify as a communist it means that
I would be condoning all the atrocities
that were conducted under the different
of different historical regimes like
Stalinism or Maui's and so the question
is really would I would I personally I
think the question has to be asked and
by the same token okay but by the same
token if I meet someone who's Catholic I
think I can ask them look do you really
approve of the history of genocide and
conquest that the Catholic Church is a
part of and maybe they'll say yes and
maybe they'll say no open they've got
something else to say if you need
someone who identifies openly as a Nazi
do you do you assume that they if they
if they tell you that there are Nazi
don't you assume that they're also
anti-semitic or racist they might not be
you might be surprised but that's a
pretty natural assumption is that they
approve of those historical aspects of
fascism in Germany I don't find people
so easily based on or like forming
judgments so quickly about about them I
have I have definitely met people at
least online who claimed to be Nazis or
something or something and if if I like
it's it's a lot more complex just okay
so it's like this if I believe that this
the the means of production should be
owned by the public or whatever if I say
that I want to abolish private property
does it also mean that I want I want to
genocide political dissenters or throw
people into Google Apps I think that's
you made about three points there I'm
gonna respond to the first part first
it's not about me calling someone a
communist or me calling someone a
fascist this is about you self
identifying as a communist so I think
it's fine you you raised the question of
my motivation in categorizing somebody
right but that's not actual we're
discussing it well it's also with
whatever
thoughtless ISM or Buddhism right this
is someone who self-identifies with with
a given ideology so I think there is a
question what would be your motivation
why would you choose to describe
yourself with the city ology I think you
can recognize when you meet someone who
describes themselves as a Nazi or
describes themselves as something else
then you know you're gonna make
assumptions and you're gonna ask
questions you're gonna learn what would
be their motivation in using that label
and using that category I don't I don't
really know what how to answer that
question if someone believes in the
import that in in abolishing probably
someone believes in the core tenets of
communism they are a communist it
doesn't matter whether they identify or
not it's the same it's like it's like
the inherent property of an object I'm
just using the word communism to
communist to define a person's beliefs
it's it's a label labels apply
themselves it's like say it's the same
thing if I'm attracted to men and
heterosexual I don't need to identify as
a heterosexual person it's it's the same
thing there's no need to identify as a
communist but you do you choose - well
yeah but I even if I didn't identify as
a communist I would still be a communist
do you understand what I'm saying I
think these labeling and identity
identity politics or whatever you call
it I think that's stupid people's like I
don't see why I have to choose to
identify as a communist you don't you
chose I'm asking you I'm asking you what
would motivate you to do that why would
you be motivated to call yourself
communist given the terrible reputation
for mass murder or the city ology has
that's a pretty good reason not to call
yourself communist because it's true
because it's true I'm not gonna
participate if people are gonna drop
agree to talk to one person because I'm
identify as communist because I am
communist I don't really know what else
to say about that like it okay
so Amos like I've heard people use this
argument like oh I I don't I condone the
mass murder of animals and I definitely
do follow a plant-based diet I'm just
not going to call myself a beacon
because the only because the vegan
community has like some kind of as so
many idiotic people in it or something
like that yeah do you think that's okay
I mean that would be the same thing
right Katherine so Katherine okay good
answer you know Katherine I think it
would be really meaningful for you at
age 24 if you decided that the
historical record of mass murder under
communism matters and that you're not
going to make excuses for it and that
you're not going to describe yourself
with that term precisely because it it
associates you with that odious history
now by the same token I think it's
really meaningful for example when I
meet indigenous people in Canada so we
say American Indians First Nations we
use these different terms when I meet
people like that who tell me that they
still believe in God and they maybe even
still pray to God but they do not
describe themselves as Catholic anymore
because they reject the authority of the
Catholic Church in the history of
genocide and so on associate with the
Catholic Church
I think that's meaningful now maybe you
don't maybe you want to laugh at that I
wouldn't laugh at that and I wouldn't
laugh at you if you made an ethical
decision that you know what because
people like Joseph Stalin and Lenin and
even Marx himself to some extent they
all defined this term they dragged it
through the mud or whatever they gave it
the meaning you know has that that's not
a term you'd want to describe yourself
with I think that's really meaningful
okay so here's here's what I'm saying
right when I when I take Marx when I
take a Marx a book written by Colin
Watts
like for example let's say that I'm
reading the Communist Manifesto or or
the cat over Capitol I read I read
what's written there
and I read read this kind of stuff in it
and then I and then I go like oh I agree
so so does the Amaya Marxist now whether
you're a Marxist or not is up to you
nobody's disputing it but but I read it
and I agree with everything that said
there and I would even get into a debate
like this with you I mean how how
productive is I don't even understand I
mean I wanted to I want to isolate
Martius ideas from from what so from for
mort's Daleks right so but that's
exactly but Katherine you know this
that's why many people on the left will
say that they are Marxian but that they
are not communist that they are not
Stalinist
that they reject Stalin and Lenin that's
very common that they've rejected Mao
Zedong that's very common okay so I'm
not a Stalinist that's how I would
describe it I'm a Marxist I'm not a
Stalinist so don't you think that's
don't you that's a significant I'm not
going to participate if people are gonna
interact don't you think that's a
significant moral distinction I think
you do you began this discussion by
trying to claim that there is no
important moral distinction there but I
think you agree with me I think it's me
you think it's meaningful also to
clarify that you're enthusiastic about
crawl marks but that you're not a
follower of Stalin or Lenin or Mao
Zedong that makes sense right
well I honestly I don't know like I
still think yours I still think you're
using rhetoric here I don't you sound
really flustered about such a simple
question like you sound really flustered
like you're really having difficulty and
this is this is really pretty basic I
don't know why this would be hard for
you I mean why is a small being
like I'm not gonna participate I'm gonna
mute this guy I'm not gonna participate
if you're gonna
yeah I agreed to have a one-on-one
conversation with this person that's
over why do you only yeah I mean what
exactly do you criticize about communism
other than Stalin or seriously whenever
people - oh whenever I'm having a
discussion with someone and then they're
like oh but but look at USSR look at
look at all that stuff I mean there's so
much to unpack here there is so much to
unpack there I mean I'm not against like
do you have any idea what what Stalin or
Lenin or or or Malik you have any idea
what these people's principles were or
what - okay so Catherine you saw that
video for me about the history of
communism right you saw that at least no
I haven't seen your video but I okay so
you said earlier you said earlier that
you had so you lied to me unfortunately
you should told me that a couple days
ago okay so never claimed to have so
Catherine then if you haven't seen any
videos from me on the topic or you
haven't read se articles or looked at
articles yes I have decades and decades
of research on the history of communism
I know an enormous amount about the
history of communism so I don't know
what to tell you if you don't want to
really slow down the conversation I
could break down for you how I started
studying communism at a very early age
how I studied it in different university
contacts in different languages how I've
lived in different communist countries
have no one in spoken to communist
professors how my own parents were
communist I have a huge amount well know
Katherine you just asked me it's not a
role because it's
to your question you asked do I know
what the principles espoused by people
like Lenin Stalin and Mao Zedong are yes
I know an enormous amount about the
history of communism so Katherine let me
ask you what kind of person in the year
2019 is motivated to make excuses for
and defend Nazism and what kind of
person in the year 2019 is motivated to
make excuses for and defend communism
what what what motivates is kind of
behavior on the Internet what like did
these are questions that are entirely
based on rhetoric
I didn't I don't even want to like I
don't I how is that rhetoric you you
seem to just dismiss anything that's
rhetoric that you don't want to think
about ok ok let me let me answer your
question right you asked me what kind of
person would defend Nazis them I don't
know
I'm not defending Nazis them you asked
me what kind of person would different
communism I don't know I don't know
about other people I know about myself
and I know other people who I've talked
to and their reasons for being communism
this is this is entirely pointless
aside from history do you have any
action Katherine do you not think you
sound really flustered and really
defensive in talking about really really
simple questions here I'm not going if
you want to talk to me about Buddhism so
you said you said earlier that you also
you identify as a Buddhist if you were
to ask me questions about the history
and politics of Buddhism I would not be
flustered and defensive like this now I
also say you asked me if I know about
the doctrine the actual beliefs of Mao
Zedong Lenin and Stalin do you I do yep
ok so what kind of sources do you know
from did you study this in like
university textbooks or did you look it
up on YouTube what what's your source
right there things I write I've read
capital I've read state revolutionize
you know those that's how I know what
they what they talked about because I've
read their books think okay and how do
you know how do you know about Buddhism
because I read about it that's it I
haven't actually gone to university and
studied or something but okay so I have
one more one more question I have one
more question for instance what what did
the Communists do to the Buddhists
what's what's the history of that like
why wouldn't you know that you're
interested in both these things why
wouldn't you know about the history of
mass murder and repression of calm as
destroying but that seems like the sort
of thing you'd know about sure I is how
is any of this relevant to actual
communism I thought we were having a
debate on actual communist theories and
things like that
we are you just don't know it yet